Martian Enterprise Tournament

Welcome, Entrepreneurs of Mars! The United Nations has made massive investments to foster development of space colonies, creating opportunites for new actors to enter the market.

Signing up:
    Provide information about [
        your steam name,
        your partner (optional),
        enlisting as a captain (optional),
        available days (optional, used for matchmaking),
        vetoed location (optional),
        vetoed format (optional. You can veto 1v1)].
    use (preferred, neutral, avoided) indication.
    You can pair up with 1 friend you want to be in the same team.

Forming teams:
    Sign-ups can volunteer as the captain of the team. Captains will be in charge of drafting their team. Try to gather the best skilled players or players with the best chemistry, or both. The other captains might have a similar strategy, so choose wisely!
    Drafting will take place at Jan 19th, and players will be picked using a snake rotation (A B C D D C B A). If a captain wants to draft a pair who joined together, they will forego their next turn in the draft. The opening order will be in reverse order of captain rank(based on previous tournament results).

Game Schedule:
    Main matches -- Saturdays and Sundays, from GMT 19 to GMT 22.
        All games are seeded. Up to 6 matches per day (depending on sign-ups)
    Practice workshops
        on Wednesdays and Thursdays, casters will host practice matches and provide players with tips, providing learning opportunities.

Game Types:
    4pFFA (main).
    1v1 (filler).
    

Scoring:
    Winning a match, regardless of brackets or formats, will grant you 1 point. Additionally, they will get 0.2 points per award.

Awards:
    Day 1:
        Race for the Initial Markets:
            At least 2 green prices on the market at the start of game.
            Additional 0.2 point will be awarded to the player who earned the most money from those markets by sol 3.

    Day 2:
        Eggs in Multiple Baskets:
            At least 2 AOE attacks are available on black market.
            Players who don't have more than 4 tiles connected together at the end of the game are awarded 0.2 point.

    Day 3:
        Commercial Meteorology Experiment:
            Magnetic storms are available on black market.
            The player who has used the most amount of it will get an additional 0.2 point.

    Day 4:
        Mind Games:
            Mutiny is available on the black market.
            Additional 0.2 point will be awarded for players who bounce destructive black market item(s)* on mutiny-gooned buildings.
            The player who buys the most amount of black market items will also get an additional 0.2 point.
            *(does not include network virus or circuit overload.)

    All Days:
        Keen Eyes on Their Stuff:
            Using a Network Virus on unprofitable buildings awards 0.2 point.
        Outstanding Performance:
            Winning against a higher ranked player gives an extra 0.2 point.


    Additionally, at the end of tournament you can get a special medal for your performance!
    Medals:
        "Fully Funded" for the team with maximum amount of point total.
        "Most Valuable Entrepreneur" for the players with maximum amount of point total within a team.
        "High Potential" for the player who has gained the most amount of rank from the start of the tournament.
        "Skilled" for the player with maximum amount of awards.


Player rankings:
    Initially, players will be ranked from 1(low) to 3(high) according to their performance in previous tournaments. Winning or losing game will affect their rankings for this tournament, where you can rise as high as rank 5.

    Ranking system:
        Stars:
            Players get a stat called stars. Players can have stars from 0 and up to 3.
            Players start with having two stars.
        Winning:
            When a player wins, they gain two stars. 
            If a player won against a player who has higher rank, they get an extra star.
            When a player would have more than 3 stars due to winning, their rank increases by 1, and they will have one star.
        Losing:
            When a player loses, they lose a star.
            When a player loses stars below zero, they lose a rank, and they will have 3 stars.
    
    These ranks will be used for setting up matchmaking.

Matchmaking:
    The organizers will make matches accounting for player availability, preferred formats and locations, ranks, and previously matched opponents.

